Update the GitHub Actions docs (#1516)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/console/continuous-delivery/github-actions.md

Let's see how to get started -- it's easy!

> **Note**: GitHub Actions is currently in public beta. Please [register for

> > access](https://github.com/features/actions) here. Until you've been added, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> access](https://github.com/features/actions) to start using the feature. Until you've been added, the
```

> **Actions** tab won't show in your repos, and the `.pulumi/main.workflow` file described
> below will not be recognized by GitHub. Also note that these features only work on
> private repos in the specific account that has been granted access.

> # Pre-Requisites

Reviewer: Not introduced on this PR but can we change this to Prerequisites?

Before proceeding, you'll need to [Sign Up for Pulumi](https://app.pulumi.com/) (if you haven't already).

For your workflow to do anything interesting, you'll want to create a new Pulumi project.
There are three ways to do this:

1. [Clone an existing Pulumi example](https://github.com/pulumi/examples)
2. [Use the New Project wizard](https://app.pulumi.com/site/new-project)
3. [Download the CLI]({{< relref "/docs/reference/install.md" >}}) and run `pulumi new` to select a template

# Creating a Workflow

Although the full power of the Pulumi CLI is available to use with GitHub Actions, we recommend starting with
our standard workflow, which consists of two actions, both triggered by GitHub events:

> 1. **Pulumi Preview (Merged Stack)** runs `pulumi preview` in response to a Pull Request, showing what would happen if the PR were merged into the target branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Pulumi Preview (Merged Stack)** runs `pulumi preview` in response to a Pull Request, showing what would happen if the PR was merged into the target branch.
```

Pulumi project.

To set up the workflow to run anytime you make a commit or a Pull Request (including
successive commits on PR branches), add a new file to the repository at
`.github/main.workflow`:

```hcl
action "Build" {
    uses = "docker://alpine"
    runs = ["scripts/build"]
}

workflow "Preview" {
    on = "pull_request"
    resolves = "Pulumi Preview (Merged Stack)"
}

action "Pulumi Preview (Merged Stack)" {
    needs = ["Build"]
    uses = "docker://pulumi/actions"
    args = ["preview"]
    env = {
        PULUMI_CI = "pr"
    }
    secrets = [
        "PULUMI_ACCESS_TOKEN"
    ]
}

workflow "Update" {
    on = "push"
    resolves = ["Pulumi Deploy (Current Stack)"]
}

action "Pulumi Deploy (Current Stack)" {
    needs = ["Build"]
    uses = "docker://pulumi/actions"
    args = ["up"]
    env = {
        PULUMI_CI = "up"
    }
    secrets = [
        "PULUMI_ACCESS_TOKEN"
    ]
}
```

Note that by using the `pulumi/actions` Docker image, these workflow actions will
automatically download and use the latest version of Pulumi. If you prefer to use a
specific version of Pulumi, you can replace all occurrences of `uses =

> "docker://pulumi/actions"` with a container image that contains the version as a tag, for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"docker://pulumi/actions"` with a container image that contains the version as a tag. For
```

instance `uses = "docker://pulumi/actions:v0.16.6"`.

> We've also included a prelimarily `Build` action &mdash; and declared it as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've also included a preliminary `Build` action &mdash; and declared it as a
```

dependency of both the Preview and Update actions &mdash; in order to demonstrate running
a setup script in advance of Pulumi. Feel free to remove this block (and the `needs`
references to it) if it doesn't suit your particular situation.

Now that you've got a workflow defined, you'll need to configure your secrets. Secrets are
exposed as environment variables to the GitHub Actions runtime environment. Minimally,

> we'll need to supply a Pulumi access token in order to allow Pulumi CLI to communicate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we'll need to supply a Pulumi access token in order to allow the Pulumi CLI to communicate
```

with the Pulumi Service on your behalf, and you'll probably want to provide credentials
for communicating with your cloud provider as well.

## Configuring Your Secrets

> After committing the workflow file into your repo as `.github/main.workflow`, head on over

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After committing the workflow file to your repo as `.github/main.workflow`, navigate
```

> to your repo's **Settings tab**, where you'll find the new **Secrets area**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to your repo's **Settings** tab, where you'll find the new **Secrets** area:
```

![Secrets](/images/docs/reference/gh-actions-secrets.png)

First, [create a new Pulumi Access Token](https://app.pulumi.com/account/tokens), then

> submit that token as a new secret named named `PULUMI_ACCESS_TOKEN`. This enables your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
submit that token as a new secret named  `PULUMI_ACCESS_TOKEN`. This enables your
```

![Editor Edit](/images/docs/reference/gh-actions-editor-configure.png)

This will open the action editor on the right-hand side, in which you'll enter your
various credentials (for Pulumi and your cloud). After configuring these, you should see
the green secrets with lock icons show up for your actions:

![Editor Secrets](/images/docs/reference/gh-actions-editor-secrets.png)

# Try It Out!

To try things out, simply create a Pull Request or commit, and you will see these new
actions showing up in the usual GitHub Checks dialog, with a green checkmark if everything
went as planned:

![Action Checks](/images/docs/reference/gh-actions-checks.png)

> Click the Logs pane to see the full output of the Pulumi CLI, along with the URL of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the **Logs** pane to see the full output of the Pulumi CLI, along with the URL of your
```

deployment on the Pulumi Cloud Console with more details:

![Action Logs](/images/docs/reference/gh-actions-logs.png)

For even better Pull Request integration, make sure to also [install our GitHub App]({{< relref "github.md" >}})!

![Action Pull Requests](/images/docs/reference/gh-actions-prs.png)

# Pull Request Flow

If you are using Pulumi's GitHub Actions to preview infrastructure changes from Pull
Requests, you may want to have Pulumi comment on those PRs so that you don't need to look
at the specific update logs to see if there were any changes.

> There are two ways to do this: using the Pulumi GitHub App (recommended), or configuring

Reviewer: Suggest changing this to an unordered list, and drop the `ing`

the GitHub Actions container directly.

## Pulumi GitHub App

> The [Pulumi GitHub App]({{< relref "github.md" >}}) is something you install into your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Pulumi GitHub App]({{< relref "github.md" >}}) is something you install on your
```

> GitHub organization. It allows the Pulumi service to leave comments on Pull Requests. (It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub organization. It allows the Pulumi service to leave comments on Pull Requests but does not give it access to your source code.
```

does not have access to your source code.)

> Once the Pulumi GitHub App is installed, when your GitHub Actions run Pulumi, a summary of

Reviewer: Suggest changing to:

Once the Pulumi GitHub App is installed, a summary of resource changes---including links to the Pulumi Cloud Console for more detailed information---will be left on the Pull Request when your GitHub Actions run Pulumi.

## Comments By GitHub Actions

If you don't want to use the Pulumi GitHub App, you can configure Pulumi's GitHub Actions
to copy the output of the `pulumi` invocation on the Pull Request. This option doesn't
have as rich an output display as the Pulumi GitHub App, as it simply copies the raw
output of the Pulumi CLI.

To allow your GitHub Action to leave Pull Request comments, you'll need to set the
`COMMENT_ON_PR` environment variable, and add `GITHUB_TOKEN` to the list of `secrets`

> passed to the action. (The `GITHUB_TOKEN` value will already be set in the running

Reviewer: Suggest dropping the parentheses.
